for the serious gamer hey it's spider by
nextgentactics com this is part 2 2 of
my application to the agency we're
playing the museum level modern warfare
2 yes we are on a veteran difficulty
handguns only kinda uh you'll have to
see what happens here all right here we
go okay so we already cleared up the
first room the second room is
problematic because I it contains the
juggernaut and juggernauts are badass
and you know when the juggernaut comes
and comes after you it plays scary music
so what we're going to do we are going
to go with the desert eagle and the
Barrett 50 cal we're going to reload
we're going to make sure we have ammo
blah blah blah and we'll see what
happens we're not we're not going to
make any kills with the Barrett alright
so we're going to go over here we're
going to hit the button and we're going
to run our asses off do this run run run
so we're going to throw our stun grenade
or flash greg flash frag frag flash and
we throw the flash last just because we
want to we want to stun them before
they're able to come in here we're going
to reload on our stunts and frags or are
flashes and grenades and yeah we're
gonna toss some flash Frank Frank flash
oh crap and there's a juggernaut and you
know what we're not going to kill them
with this thing but we are going to
soften them up alright and then we
finish them off with the desert eagle
here I think yeah
all right desert eagle is pretty sweet
because on a lot of these guys it's a
one hit kill some of them though you
need to hit them more than once like the
main character guys like price and soap
and ghosts and Shepherd you got that hit
them more than once with that with that
desert eagle so we're just going back to
reload oh yeah there's an Eagles pretty
sweet nice and if that is an agency
material I don't know what is let me
tell you I have no idea agent fubar you
better let me in man I'm telling you
right now otherwise I'm coming after you
with this deagle that's right oh nice
come on I can hear moving come on it's
only a desert eagle it won't hurt you so
I actually prefer the middle room for
taking these guys out but the only
problem is because the juggernaut we
need we need additional ammo and there's
no ammo available in that middle room
unfortunately or fail fail okay a little
bit Wow no strengths dunham here oh yeah
come on alright I spoke a little bit too
soon after this display of pathetic
confettis ISM pathetic ISM is Edward
don't know that's kind of pathetic
anyways we still hear lots of movement
out there I don't think there are any
riot shield guys in the second room
which is good because they were kind of
pain in the ass but not too bad so who
do we got left soap price Shepard oh man
come on oh damn it source done yeah how
do you like that nice pop a cap in your
ass man yeah let's go get some more ammo
should probably go for the m9 come on we
don't we don't need the m240 funny thing
is on the museum level they never run
out of ammo damn they never run out of
ammo like even in when you're going up
on Jagger against juggernauts on the
spec ops like those jaggernots never run
out so you wait around try to get them
to keep firing until they run out now
they got an unlimited supply of
ammunition I mean how fair is that I'm
trying to finish this guy off come on
pop your head up buddy oh yeah this is
dead did I kill him I don't think I
killed them okay now we're going to grab
the m9 let's finish them off of the m9 I
love m9 is awesome it really is let's go
see if we can find this guy not sure how
many are left so you know again being on
veteran we're not going to take our
chances here to check the far side I
think that guy died and there's more
often than not there's a straggler in
the room and I can hear him right now oh
he's coming after us come on come on
come on oh yeah oh look at you you're
dead nice
alright second room cleared do the
little happy dance see a tofu bar we
have a little happy dance after we win
something or you know achieve an
achievement haha they're all dead guys
hey there's ghosts I use facedown we
can't see his mask it's too bad hey
ghost how are you oh oh there's another
ghost right there there's two of them
there's one guy lying face-up and the
other guy lying face-down and that's it
agent fubar that is part two of two of
my application to wear my initial
application to the agency I have more
coming to display my pistol wielding
skills but I hope you'll consider me
please please I really went into the
agency I'll be so sad if you don't let
me in anyways for NextGenTactics com I'm
spider bite and I'm out